# Digital Biological Architecture

Software can be engineered and structured in numerous ways, but it does not mean it should.  With over twenty four years of software engineering experience comes the understanding that there are information rules that govern the writing of software, even if they are not currently taught in our computer science classes.  These information rules are taught, though indirectly, when students are taught the natural sciences, especially biochemistry and biology, as these two fields are the study of the most complex computer systems that exist today: the [cell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJyUtbn0O5Y) and the [mitochondria](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrS2uROUjK4) that power them.  The fact is the information rules are really laws, and these information laws govern how information is structured.  Informaiton laws can be broken, nothing says that you have to program something in a certain way.   But when you are trying to lay down large amounts of code and want to maximize reuse, and minimize entropy (e.g. refactoring of code and technical debt), it is best to bide by these laws.  Unfortunately they are not written down and software developers are still figuring out the best ways to develop software.  The good news is that biology and biochemistry are subject to these same laws and by studying how things are done in the cell we can learn the same lessons that cells have learned over the course of two billion year of evolution.  

These information laws are becoming increasing relevant because software is becoming more biological by the day, and not because software developers are copying the stucture of the cell verbatim, but because they are finding the same problems and looking for similar solutions.  (Explain more here).  

Lately, the formation of cells has started with the invention of the peer to peer systems and blockchain technology.  The concept of full nodes are becoming the foundations of primordial digital life.  (Explain more here and connect) A leap in technology has occured and the concept of a traditonal spoke and wheel business is transforming.  Businesses now need to be architected to exist in a distributed fashion.  The busineses will exist as distributed blockchains.  They come into existance when blockchains are formed, and die when the last node in the blockchain disappears.  

This repository discusses and provides the foundation for the architecture for these new business models.  This [project](https://github.com/E01D/Architecture/wiki) is used to discuss general csharp coding architecuture concepts and how these concepts can be combined to form block chains ecosystems and digital cells that access these ecosystems. 

Becusae this project has to incoroporate so many ideas together, it is also an architectural study that enables programmers to see how various concepts exists together in a cohesive architecture.  This project uses a bunch of small projects to keep ideas well defined and their dependencies well understood.
